tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:13:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:35:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:71:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:72:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:109:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:110:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:135:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:197:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:284:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:311:10: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/integration/test_integration.py:8:1: F401 'pytest' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:15:1: F401 'ygoapi.card_services.CardVariantService' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:21:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:33:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:37:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:73:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:85:9: F841 local variable 'results' is assigned to but never used
tests/integration/test_integration.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:97:71: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:98:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:103:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:147:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:188:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:189:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:211:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:217:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:228:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:230:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:231:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:239:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:249:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:252:13: F841 local variable 'result' is assigned to but never used
tests/integration/test_integration.py:256:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:275:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:287:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:303:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:312:61: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:313:28: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:319:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:332:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:341:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:352:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:359:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:364:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:373:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:381:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:390:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:415:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:421:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:424:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:427:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:433:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:438:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:442:34: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:443:34: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:450:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:458:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:460:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:461:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:462:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:471:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:475:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:484:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:486:47: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.UTC' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:12:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:16:24: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:22:1: F401 'tests.fixtures.mock_services.MockMongoDBData' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:27:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:32:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:44:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:50:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:76:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:80:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:83:101: E501 line too long (113 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:96:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:133:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:154:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:165:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:169:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:172:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:177:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:192:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:203:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:204:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:229:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:248:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:254:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:263:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:268:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:271:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:279:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:282:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:289:101: E501 line too long (150 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:304:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:311:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:322:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:327:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:346:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:351:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:353:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:358:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:362:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:365:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:369:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:374:101: E501 line too long (108 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:380:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:383:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:388:101: E501 line too long (113 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:394:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:400:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:409:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:412:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:415:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:422:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:430:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:433:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:438:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:442:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:445:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:457:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:460:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:463:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:473:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:483:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:488:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:492:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:496:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:502:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:510:61: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_database.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.call' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:11:1: F401 'pymongo.MongoClient' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:12:1: F401 'pymongo.collection.Collection' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:13:1: F401 'pymongo.database.Database' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:32:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:37:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:43:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:51:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:54:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:76:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:135:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:161:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:176:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:182:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:200:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:218:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:221:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:227:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:236:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:238:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:247:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:256:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:270:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:279:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:282:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:304:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:307:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:315:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:317:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:328:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:330:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:333:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:341:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:343:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:346:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:354:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:359:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:367:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:369:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:380:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:382:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:385:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:390:9: F841 local variable 'mock_db_manager' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_database.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:393:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:396:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:403:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:405:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:418:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:423:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:425:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:428:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:439:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:446:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:454:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:456:36: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:459:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:467:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:480:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:484:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:487:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:491:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:495:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:498:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:502:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:506:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:508:42: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_models.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_models.py:10:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_models.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_models.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:36:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:43:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:47:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:50:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:52:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:78:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:80:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:111:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:157:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:165:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:192:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:224:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:234:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:258:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:260:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:265:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:275:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:277:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:280:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:288:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:297:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:312:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:314:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:330:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:341:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:346:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:354:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:358:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:366:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:368:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:378:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:389:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:410:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:412:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:416:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:420:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:430:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:440:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:442:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:448:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:458:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:461:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:469:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:476:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:489:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:491:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:497:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:509:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:513:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:524:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:527:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:535:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:547:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:549:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:557:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:569:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:576:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:585:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:590:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:598:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:601:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:605:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:613:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:616:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:619:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:627:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:629:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:632:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:635:67: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_routes.py:8:1: F401 'pytest' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:10:1: F401 'time' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:11:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:13:1: F401 'flask.Flask' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:25:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:28:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:32:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:42:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:57:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:59:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:92:47: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:93:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:94:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:124:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:125:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:139:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:141:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:142:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:153:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:160:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:161:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:177:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:185:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:186:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:191:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:210:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:211:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:212:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:219:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:228:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:235:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:236:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:253:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:254:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:255:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:272:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:274:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:280:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:287:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:295:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:304:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:306:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:312:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:318:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:336:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:342:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:348:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:363:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:388:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:395:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:409:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:417:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:418:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_routes.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:428:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:438:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:443:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:454:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:464:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:472:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:479:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:485:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:487:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:497:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:508:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:519:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:524:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:526:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:527:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:528:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:534:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:539:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:543:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:545:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:546:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:547:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:558:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:562:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:567:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:571:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:576:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:587:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:590:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:594:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:600:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:603:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:608:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:612:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:619:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:623:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:634:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:638:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:647:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:658:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:660:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:663:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:666:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:673:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:685:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:690:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:696:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:697:17: F841 local variable 'response' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_routes.py:698:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:699:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:700:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:704:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:714:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:719:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:724:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:727:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:728:17: F841 local variable 'response' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_routes.py:729:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:730:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:731:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:739:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:743:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:749:53: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/__init__.py:10:28: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/app.py:9:1: F401 'os' imported but unused
ygoapi/app.py:13:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/app.py:18:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/app.py:21:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:28:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:32:9: E116 unexpected indentation (comment)
ygoapi/app.py:36:38: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:48:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:55:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:67:101: E501 line too long (123 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/app.py:73:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:77:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:85:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/app.py:94:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:112:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:132:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/app.py:133:14: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.UTC' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:15:1: F401 '.config.CARD_PROCESSING_DELAY' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:26:1: F401 '.models.CardModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:26:1: F401 '.models.CardVariantModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:27:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_rarity' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:39:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:50:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:61:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:73:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:78:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:88:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:94:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:112:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:124:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:135:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:155:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:170:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:180:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:185:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:188:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:194:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:210:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:212:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:216:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:221:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:224:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:231:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:236:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:240:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:242:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:245:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:248:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:255:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:259:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:261:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/card_services.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:272:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:277:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:288:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:297:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:305:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:323:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:327:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:329:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:342:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:345:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:347:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:353:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:357:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:365:17: F841 local variable 'set_code' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/card_services.py:366:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:369:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:376:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:383:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:388:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:395:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:417:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:433:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:439:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:441:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:447:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:451:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:462:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:470:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:477:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:482:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:484:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:487:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:492:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:495:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:501:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:505:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:508:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:512:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:514:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:518:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:523:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:526:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:534:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:537:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:541:101: E501 line too long (120 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/card_services.py:543:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:546:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:552:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:554:42: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/config.py:33:101: E501 line too long (121 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/config.py:43:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
ygoapi/config.py:44:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
ygoapi/config.py:79:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:83:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:87:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:91:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:95:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:99:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:104:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/config.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/config.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/config.py:119:16: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/database.py:8:1: F401 'ssl' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:11:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:11:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:11:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:28:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:33:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:38:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:42:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:54:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:64:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:77:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:113:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:121:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:127:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:167:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:170:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:198:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:214:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:218:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:224:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:238:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:240:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:247:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:258:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:262:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:269:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:273:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:276:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:283:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:288:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:293:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:298:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:305:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:318:40: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:17:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:25:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:39:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:90:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:105:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:111:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:117:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:121:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:153:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:155:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:162:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:165:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:175:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:180:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:183:35: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/models.py:12:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:14:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:18:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:24:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:29:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:31:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:37:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:44:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:55:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:57:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:70:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:72:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:94:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:113:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:139:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:141:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:154:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:166:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:174:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:186:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:191:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:203:39: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Tuple' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_TIMEOUT_SECONDS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_MAX_RETRIES' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_RETRY_DELAY' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_BASE_URL' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_SEARCH_PATH' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MAX_PREFERRED_RESULTS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MAX_ACCEPTABLE_RESULTS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_EARLY_TERMINATION_SCORE' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MIN_VARIANTS_BEFORE_EARLY_TERMINATION' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:32:1: F401 '.models.CardPriceModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:32:1: F401 '.models.PriceScrapingRequest' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:32:1: F401 '.models.PriceScrapingResponse' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_rarity_for_matching' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_art_variant' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.extract_set_code' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.extract_booster_set_name' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.map_set_code_to_tcgplayer_name' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:50:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:52:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:61:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:100:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:109:101: E501 line too long (101 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:111:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:125:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:127:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:146:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:155:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:166:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:191:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:194:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:200:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:213:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:224:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:238:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:244:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:254:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:257:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:258:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:260:25: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:274:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:276:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:279:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:283:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:285:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:286:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:290:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:296:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:299:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:305:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:310:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:314:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:325:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:326:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:329:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:339:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:343:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:353:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:357:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:362:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:365:101: E501 line too long (128 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:367:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:368:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:371:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:376:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:380:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:384:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:389:83: W504 line break after binary operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:390:13: E129 visually indented line with same indent as next logical line
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:392:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:394:89: W504 line break after binary operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:395:13: E129 visually indented line with same indent as next logical line
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:399:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:401:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:414:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:435:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:443:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:449:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:454:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:460:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:468:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:479:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:483:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:486:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:490:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:492:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:496:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:501:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:504:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:512:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:517:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:520:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:528:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:531:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:535:101: E501 line too long (120 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:537:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:540:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:544:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:549:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:552:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:560:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:563:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:568:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:574:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:586:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:588:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:595:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:598:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:606:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:610:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:621:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:626:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:632:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:636:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:640:101: E501 line too long (150 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:643:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:644:49: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:646:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:651:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:671:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:675:101: E501 line too long (136 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:676:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:677:101: E501 line too long (157 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:678:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:684:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:686:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:688:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:697:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:709:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:711:101: E501 line too long (164 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:712:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:718:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:733:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:736:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:739:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:741:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:749:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:760:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:772:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:779:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:786:101: E501 line too long (132 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:807:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:813:101: E501 line too long (108 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:815:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:827:101: E501 line too long (122 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:828:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:839:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:851:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:862:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:866:14: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:867:36: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:868:34: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:869:36: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:873:101: E501 line too long (108 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:876:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:878:28: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:883:28: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:884:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:889:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:890:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:892:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:895:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:901:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:904:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:910:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:914:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:931:83: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:932:90: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:939:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:941:101: E501 line too long (101 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:949:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:953:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:957:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:960:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:965:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:967:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:976:101: E501 line too long (110 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:979:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:991:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1000:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1005:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1010:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1016:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1020:101: E501 line too long (112 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1024:101: E501 line too long (112 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1029:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1033:41: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1034:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1036:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1039:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1042:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1045:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1049:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1056:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1058:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1062:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1078:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1084:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1086:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1090:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1093:61: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1095:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1114:90: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1115:67: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1116:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1123:93: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1141:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1144:101: E501 line too long (101 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1146:96: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1147:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1179:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1179:48: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/routes.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:15:1: F401 '.card_services.card_lookup_service' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:19:1: F401 '.config.YGO_API_BASE_URL' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:23:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/routes.py:26:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:30:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:40:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:47:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:63:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:74:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:77:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:85:101: E501 line too long (179 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:90:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:95:101: E501 line too long (153 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:105:101: E501 line too long (127 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:116:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:124:101: E501 line too long (135 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:136:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:139:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:156:101: E501 line too long (147 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:177:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:207:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:214:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:220:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:225:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:228:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:245:59: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:266:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:273:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:290:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:344:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:370:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:374:13: F811 redefinition of unused 'YGO_API_BASE_URL' from line 19
ygoapi/routes.py:375:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:378:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:383:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:387:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:389:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:396:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:397:44: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:414:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:418:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:420:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:437:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:447:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:471:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:489:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:524:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:543:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:551:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:559:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:564:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:570:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:573:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:580:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:591:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:594:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:596:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:601:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:607:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:609:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:612:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:616:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:622:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:638:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:657:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:668:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:671:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:673:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:678:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:684:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:686:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:689:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:693:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:699:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:715:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:733:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:741:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:749:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:771:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:778:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:786:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:793:16: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/utils.py:16:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:23:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:33:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:33:104: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:38:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:42:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:47:101: E501 line too long (115 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:58:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:59:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:61:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:66:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:71:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:78:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:92:9: F601 dictionary key 'psr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:98:9: F601 dictionary key 'spr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:115:9: F601 dictionary key 'spr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:130:9: F601 dictionary key 'psr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:159:34: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:189:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:207:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:211:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:219:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:226:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:230:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:239:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:256:46: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:260:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:268:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:292:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:300:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:313:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:364:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:371:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:378:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:385:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:392:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:399:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:406:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:425:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:431:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:437:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:449:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:452:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:459:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:468:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:473:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:476:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:480:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:483:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:490:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:496:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:505:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:512:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:514:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:519:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:520:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:523:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:527:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:534:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:538:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:541:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:547:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:557:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:560:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:564:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:568:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:576:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:577:101: E501 line too long (112 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:580:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:586:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:594:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:599:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:602:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:606:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:610:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:616:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:620:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:624:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:627:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:631:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:634:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:640:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:644:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:647:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:651:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:654:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:660:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:668:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:671:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:675:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:684:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:691:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:697:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:705:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:707:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:712:70: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:744:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:748:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:756:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:759:101: E501 line too long (122 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:760:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:762:101: E501 line too long (124 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:771:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:778:101: E501 line too long (130 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:781:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:783:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:784:5: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/utils.py:792:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:795:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:798:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:807:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:809:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:815:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:827:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:829:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:830:5: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/utils.py:834:47: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:838:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:845:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:849:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:855:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:858:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:862:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:866:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:869:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:873:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:877:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:879:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:882:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:886:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:890:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:892:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:893:26: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:13:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:35:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:71:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:72:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:109:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:110:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:135:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:197:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:284:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:311:10: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/integration/test_integration.py:8:1: F401 'pytest' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:15:1: F401 'ygoapi.card_services.CardVariantService' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:21:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:33:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:37:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:73:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:85:9: F841 local variable 'results' is assigned to but never used
tests/integration/test_integration.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:97:71: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:98:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:103:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:147:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:188:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:189:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:211:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:217:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:228:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:230:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:231:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:239:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:249:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:252:13: F841 local variable 'result' is assigned to but never used
tests/integration/test_integration.py:256:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:275:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:287:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:303:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:312:61: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:313:28: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:319:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:332:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:341:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:352:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:359:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:364:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:373:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:381:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:390:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:415:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:421:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:424:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:427:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:433:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:438:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:442:34: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:443:34: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:450:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:458:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:460:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:461:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:462:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:471:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:475:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:484:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:486:47: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.UTC' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:12:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:16:24: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:22:1: F401 'tests.fixtures.mock_services.MockMongoDBData' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:27:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:32:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:44:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:50:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:76:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:80:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:83:101: E501 line too long (113 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:96:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:133:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:154:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:165:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:169:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:172:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:177:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:192:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:203:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:204:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:229:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:248:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:254:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:263:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:268:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:271:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:279:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:282:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:289:101: E501 line too long (150 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:304:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:311:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:322:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:327:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:346:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:351:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:353:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:358:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:362:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:365:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:369:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:374:101: E501 line too long (108 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:380:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:383:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:388:101: E501 line too long (113 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:394:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:400:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:409:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:412:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:415:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:422:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:430:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:433:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:438:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:442:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:445:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:457:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:460:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:463:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:473:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:483:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:488:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:492:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:496:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:502:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:510:61: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_database.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.call' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:11:1: F401 'pymongo.MongoClient' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:12:1: F401 'pymongo.collection.Collection' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:13:1: F401 'pymongo.database.Database' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:32:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:37:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:43:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:51:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:54:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:76:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:135:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:161:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:176:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:182:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:200:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:218:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:221:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:227:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:236:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:238:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:247:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:256:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:270:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:279:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:282:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:304:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:307:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:315:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:317:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:328:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:330:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:333:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:341:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:343:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:346:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:354:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:359:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:367:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:369:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:380:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:382:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:385:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:390:9: F841 local variable 'mock_db_manager' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_database.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:393:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:396:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:403:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:405:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:418:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:423:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:425:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:428:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:439:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:446:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:454:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:456:36: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:459:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:467:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:480:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:484:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:487:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:491:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:495:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:498:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:502:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:506:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:508:42: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_models.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_models.py:10:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_models.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_models.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:36:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:43:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:47:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:50:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:52:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:78:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:80:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:111:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:157:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:165:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:192:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:224:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:234:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:258:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:260:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:265:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:275:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:277:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:280:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:288:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:297:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:312:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:314:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:330:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:341:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:346:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:354:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:358:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:366:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:368:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:378:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:389:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:410:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:412:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:416:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:420:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:430:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:440:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:442:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:448:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:458:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:461:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:469:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:476:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:489:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:491:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:497:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:509:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:513:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:524:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:527:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:535:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:547:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:549:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:557:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:569:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:576:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:585:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:590:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:598:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:601:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:605:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:613:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:616:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:619:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:627:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:629:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:632:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:635:67: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_routes.py:8:1: F401 'pytest' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:10:1: F401 'time' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:11:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:13:1: F401 'flask.Flask' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:25:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:28:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:32:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:42:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:57:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:59:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:92:47: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:93:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:94:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:124:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:125:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:139:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:141:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:142:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:153:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:160:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:161:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:177:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:185:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:186:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:191:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:210:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:211:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:212:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:219:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:228:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:235:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:236:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:253:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:254:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:255:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:272:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:274:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:280:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:287:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:295:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:304:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:306:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:312:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:318:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:336:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:342:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:348:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:363:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:388:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:395:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:409:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:417:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:418:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_routes.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:428:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:438:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:443:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:454:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:464:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:472:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:479:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:485:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:487:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:497:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:508:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:519:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:524:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:526:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:527:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:528:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:534:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:539:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:543:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:545:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:546:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:547:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:558:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:562:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:567:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:571:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:576:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:587:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:590:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:594:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:600:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:603:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:608:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:612:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:619:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:623:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:634:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:638:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:647:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:658:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:660:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:663:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:666:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:673:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:685:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:690:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:696:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:697:17: F841 local variable 'response' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_routes.py:698:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:699:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:700:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:704:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:714:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:719:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:724:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:727:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:728:17: F841 local variable 'response' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_routes.py:729:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:730:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:731:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:739:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:743:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:749:53: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/__init__.py:10:28: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/app.py:9:1: F401 'os' imported but unused
ygoapi/app.py:13:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/app.py:18:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/app.py:21:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:28:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:32:9: E116 unexpected indentation (comment)
ygoapi/app.py:36:38: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:48:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:55:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:67:101: E501 line too long (123 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/app.py:73:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:77:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:85:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/app.py:94:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:112:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:132:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/app.py:133:14: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.UTC' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:15:1: F401 '.config.CARD_PROCESSING_DELAY' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:26:1: F401 '.models.CardModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:26:1: F401 '.models.CardVariantModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:27:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_rarity' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:39:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:50:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:61:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:73:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:78:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:88:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:94:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:112:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:124:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:135:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:155:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:170:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:180:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:185:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:188:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:194:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:210:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:212:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:216:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:221:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:224:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:231:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:236:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:240:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:242:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:245:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:248:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:255:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:259:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:261:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/card_services.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:272:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:277:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:288:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:297:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:305:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:323:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:327:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:329:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:342:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:345:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:347:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:353:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:357:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:365:17: F841 local variable 'set_code' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/card_services.py:366:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:369:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:376:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:383:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:388:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:395:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:417:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:433:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:439:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:441:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:447:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:451:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:462:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:470:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:477:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:482:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:484:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:487:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:492:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:495:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:501:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:505:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:508:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:512:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:514:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:518:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:523:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:526:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:534:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:537:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:541:101: E501 line too long (120 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/card_services.py:543:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:546:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:552:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:554:42: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/config.py:33:101: E501 line too long (121 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/config.py:43:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
ygoapi/config.py:44:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
ygoapi/config.py:79:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:83:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:87:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:91:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:95:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:99:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:104:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/config.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/config.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/config.py:119:16: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/database.py:8:1: F401 'ssl' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:11:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:11:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:11:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:28:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:33:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:38:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:42:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:54:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:64:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:77:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:113:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:121:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:127:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:167:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:170:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:198:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:214:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:218:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:224:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:238:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:240:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:247:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:258:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:262:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:269:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:273:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:276:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:283:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:288:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:293:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:298:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:305:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:318:40: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:17:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:25:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:39:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:90:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:105:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:111:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:117:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:121:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:153:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:155:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:162:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:165:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:175:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:180:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:183:35: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/models.py:12:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:14:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:18:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:24:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:29:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:31:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:37:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:44:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:55:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:57:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:70:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:72:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:94:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:113:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:139:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:141:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:154:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:166:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:174:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:186:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:191:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:203:39: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Tuple' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_TIMEOUT_SECONDS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_MAX_RETRIES' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_RETRY_DELAY' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_BASE_URL' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_SEARCH_PATH' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MAX_PREFERRED_RESULTS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MAX_ACCEPTABLE_RESULTS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_EARLY_TERMINATION_SCORE' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MIN_VARIANTS_BEFORE_EARLY_TERMINATION' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:32:1: F401 '.models.CardPriceModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:32:1: F401 '.models.PriceScrapingRequest' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:32:1: F401 '.models.PriceScrapingResponse' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_rarity_for_matching' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_art_variant' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.extract_set_code' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.extract_booster_set_name' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.map_set_code_to_tcgplayer_name' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:50:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:52:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:61:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:100:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:109:101: E501 line too long (101 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:111:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:125:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:127:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:146:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:155:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:166:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:191:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:194:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:200:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:213:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:214:54: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:224:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:238:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:244:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:254:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:257:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:258:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:260:25: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:274:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:276:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:279:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:283:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:285:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:286:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:290:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:296:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:299:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:305:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:310:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:314:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:325:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:326:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:329:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:339:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:343:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:353:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:357:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:362:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:365:101: E501 line too long (128 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:367:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:368:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:371:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:376:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:380:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:384:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:389:83: W504 line break after binary operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:390:13: E129 visually indented line with same indent as next logical line
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:392:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:394:89: W504 line break after binary operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:395:13: E129 visually indented line with same indent as next logical line
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:399:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:401:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:414:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:435:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:443:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:449:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:454:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:460:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:468:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:479:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:483:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:486:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:490:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:492:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:496:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:501:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:504:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:512:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:517:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:520:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:528:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:531:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:535:101: E501 line too long (120 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:537:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:540:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:544:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:549:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:552:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:560:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:563:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:568:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:574:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:586:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:588:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:595:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:598:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:606:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:610:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:621:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:626:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:632:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:636:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:640:101: E501 line too long (150 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:643:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:644:49: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:646:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:651:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:671:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:675:101: E501 line too long (136 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:676:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:677:101: E501 line too long (157 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:678:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:684:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:686:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:688:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:697:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:709:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:711:101: E501 line too long (164 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:712:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:718:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:733:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:736:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:739:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:741:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:749:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:760:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:772:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:779:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:786:101: E501 line too long (132 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:807:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:813:101: E501 line too long (108 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:815:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:827:101: E501 line too long (122 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:828:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:839:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:851:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:862:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:866:14: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:867:36: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:868:34: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:869:36: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:873:101: E501 line too long (108 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:876:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:878:28: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:883:28: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:884:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:889:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:890:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:892:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:895:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:901:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:904:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:910:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:914:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:931:83: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:932:90: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:939:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:941:101: E501 line too long (101 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:949:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:953:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:957:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:960:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:965:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:967:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:976:101: E501 line too long (110 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:979:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:991:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1000:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1005:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1010:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1016:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1020:101: E501 line too long (112 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1024:101: E501 line too long (112 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1029:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1033:41: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1034:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1036:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1039:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1042:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1045:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1049:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1056:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1058:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1062:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1078:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1084:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1086:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1090:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1093:61: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1095:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1114:90: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1115:67: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1116:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1123:93: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1141:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1144:101: E501 line too long (101 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1146:96: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1147:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1179:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1179:48: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/routes.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:15:1: F401 '.card_services.card_lookup_service' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:19:1: F401 '.config.YGO_API_BASE_URL' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:23:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/routes.py:26:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:30:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:40:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:47:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:63:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:74:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:77:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:85:101: E501 line too long (179 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:90:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:95:101: E501 line too long (153 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:105:101: E501 line too long (127 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:116:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:124:101: E501 line too long (135 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:136:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:139:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:156:101: E501 line too long (147 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:177:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:207:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:214:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:220:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:225:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:228:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:245:59: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:266:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:273:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:290:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:344:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:370:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:374:13: F811 redefinition of unused 'YGO_API_BASE_URL' from line 19
ygoapi/routes.py:375:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:378:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:383:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:387:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:389:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:396:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:397:44: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:414:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:418:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:420:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:437:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:447:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:471:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:489:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:524:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:543:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:551:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:559:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:564:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:570:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:573:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:580:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:591:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:594:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:596:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:601:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:607:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:609:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:612:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:616:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:622:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:638:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:657:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:668:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:671:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:673:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:678:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:684:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:686:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:689:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:693:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:699:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:715:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:733:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:741:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:749:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:771:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:778:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:786:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:793:16: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/utils.py:16:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:23:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:33:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:33:104: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:38:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:42:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:47:101: E501 line too long (115 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:58:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:59:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:61:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:66:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:71:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:78:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:92:9: F601 dictionary key 'psr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:98:9: F601 dictionary key 'spr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:115:9: F601 dictionary key 'spr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:130:9: F601 dictionary key 'psr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:159:34: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:189:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:207:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:211:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:219:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:226:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:230:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:239:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:256:46: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:260:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:268:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:292:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:300:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:313:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:364:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:371:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:378:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:385:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:392:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:399:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:406:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:425:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:431:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:437:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:449:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:452:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:459:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:468:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:473:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:476:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:480:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:483:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:490:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:496:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:505:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:512:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:514:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:519:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:520:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:523:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:527:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:534:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:538:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:541:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:547:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:557:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:560:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:564:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:568:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:576:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:577:101: E501 line too long (112 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:580:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:586:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:594:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:599:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:602:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:606:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:610:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:616:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:620:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:624:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:627:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:631:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:634:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:640:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:644:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:647:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:651:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:654:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:660:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:668:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:671:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:675:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:684:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:691:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:697:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:705:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:707:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:712:70: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:744:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:748:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:756:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:759:101: E501 line too long (122 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:760:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:762:101: E501 line too long (124 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:771:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:778:101: E501 line too long (130 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:781:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:783:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:784:5: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/utils.py:792:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:795:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:798:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:807:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:809:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:815:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:827:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:829:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:830:5: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/utils.py:834:47: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:838:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:845:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:849:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:855:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:858:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:862:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:866:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:869:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:873:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:877:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:879:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:882:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:886:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:890:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:892:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:893:26: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:13:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:35:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:71:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:72:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:109:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:110:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:135:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:197:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:284:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:311:10: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/integration/test_integration.py:8:1: F401 'pytest' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:15:1: F401 'ygoapi.card_services.CardVariantService' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:21:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:33:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:37:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:73:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:85:9: F841 local variable 'results' is assigned to but never used
tests/integration/test_integration.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:97:71: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:98:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:103:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:147:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:188:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:189:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:211:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:217:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:228:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:230:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:231:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:239:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:249:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:252:13: F841 local variable 'result' is assigned to but never used
tests/integration/test_integration.py:256:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:275:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:287:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:303:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:312:61: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:313:28: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:319:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:332:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:341:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:352:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:359:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:364:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:373:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:381:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:390:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:415:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:421:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:424:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:427:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:433:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:438:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:442:34: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:443:34: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:450:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:458:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:460:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:461:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:462:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:471:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:475:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:484:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:486:47: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.UTC' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:12:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:16:24: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:22:1: F401 'tests.fixtures.mock_services.MockMongoDBData' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:27:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:32:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:44:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:50:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:76:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:80:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:83:101: E501 line too long (113 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:96:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:133:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:154:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:165:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:169:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:172:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:177:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:192:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:203:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:204:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:229:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:248:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:254:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:263:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:268:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:271:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:279:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:282:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:289:101: E501 line too long (150 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:304:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:311:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:322:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:327:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:346:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:351:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:353:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:358:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:362:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:365:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:369:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:374:101: E501 line too long (108 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:380:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:383:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:388:101: E501 line too long (113 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:394:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:400:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:409:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:412:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:415:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:422:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:430:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:433:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:438:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:442:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:445:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:457:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:460:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:463:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:473:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:483:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:488:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:492:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:496:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:502:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:510:61: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_database.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.call' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:11:1: F401 'pymongo.MongoClient' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:12:1: F401 'pymongo.collection.Collection' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:13:1: F401 'pymongo.database.Database' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:32:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:37:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:43:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:51:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:54:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:76:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:135:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:161:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:176:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:182:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:200:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:218:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:221:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:227:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:236:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:238:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:247:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:256:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:270:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:279:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:282:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:304:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:307:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:315:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:317:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:328:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:330:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:333:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:341:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:343:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:346:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:354:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:359:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:367:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:369:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:380:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:382:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:385:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:390:9: F841 local variable 'mock_db_manager' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_database.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:393:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:396:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:403:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:405:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:418:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:423:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:425:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:428:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:439:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:446:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:454:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:456:36: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:459:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:467:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:480:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:484:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:487:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:491:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:495:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:498:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:502:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:506:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:508:42: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_models.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_models.py:10:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_models.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_models.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:36:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:43:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:47:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:50:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:52:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:78:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:80:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:111:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:157:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:165:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:192:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:224:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:234:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:258:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:260:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:265:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:275:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:277:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:280:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:288:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:297:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:312:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:314:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:330:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:341:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:346:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:354:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:358:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:366:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:368:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:378:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:389:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:410:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:412:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:416:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:420:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:430:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:440:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:442:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:448:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:458:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:461:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:469:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:476:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:489:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:491:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:497:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:509:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:513:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:524:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:527:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:535:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:547:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:549:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:557:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:569:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:576:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:585:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:590:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:598:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:601:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:605:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:613:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:616:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:619:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:627:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:629:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:632:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:635:67: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_routes.py:8:1: F401 'pytest' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:10:1: F401 'time' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:11:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:13:1: F401 'flask.Flask' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:25:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:28:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:32:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:42:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:57:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:59:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:92:47: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:93:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:94:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:124:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:125:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:139:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:141:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:142:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:153:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:160:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:161:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:177:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:185:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:186:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:191:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:210:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:211:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:212:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:219:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:228:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:235:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:236:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:253:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:254:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:255:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:272:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:274:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:280:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:287:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:295:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:304:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:306:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:312:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:318:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:336:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:342:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:348:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:363:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:388:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:395:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:409:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:417:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:418:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_routes.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:428:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:438:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:443:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:454:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:464:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:472:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:479:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:485:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:487:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:497:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:508:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:519:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:524:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:526:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:527:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:528:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:534:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:539:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:543:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:545:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:546:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:547:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:558:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:562:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:567:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:571:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:576:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:587:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:590:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:594:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:600:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:603:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:608:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:612:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:619:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:623:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:634:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:638:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:647:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:658:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:660:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:663:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:666:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:673:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:685:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:690:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:696:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:697:17: F841 local variable 'response' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_routes.py:698:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:699:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:700:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:704:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:714:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:719:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:724:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:727:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:728:17: F841 local variable 'response' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_routes.py:729:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:730:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:731:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:739:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:743:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:749:53: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/__init__.py:10:28: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/app.py:9:1: F401 'os' imported but unused
ygoapi/app.py:13:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/app.py:18:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/app.py:21:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:28:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:32:9: E116 unexpected indentation (comment)
ygoapi/app.py:36:38: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:48:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:55:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:67:101: E501 line too long (123 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/app.py:73:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:77:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:85:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/app.py:94:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:112:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:132:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/app.py:133:14: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.timezone' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:15:1: F401 '.config.CARD_PROCESSING_DELAY' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:26:1: F401 '.models.CardModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:26:1: F401 '.models.CardVariantModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:27:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_rarity' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:39:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:50:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:61:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:73:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:78:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:88:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:94:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:112:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:124:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:135:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:155:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:170:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:180:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:185:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:188:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:194:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:210:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:212:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:216:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:221:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:224:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:231:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:236:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:240:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:242:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:245:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:248:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:255:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:259:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:261:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/card_services.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:272:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:277:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:288:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:297:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:305:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:323:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:327:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:329:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:342:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:345:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:347:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:353:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:357:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:365:17: F841 local variable 'set_code' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/card_services.py:366:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:369:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:376:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:383:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:388:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:395:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:417:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:433:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:439:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:441:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:447:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:451:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:462:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:470:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:477:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:482:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:484:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:487:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:492:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:495:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:501:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:505:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:508:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:512:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:514:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:518:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:523:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:526:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:534:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:537:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:541:101: E501 line too long (120 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/card_services.py:543:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:546:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:552:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:554:42: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/config.py:33:101: E501 line too long (121 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/config.py:43:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
ygoapi/config.py:44:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
ygoapi/config.py:79:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:83:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:87:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:91:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:95:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:99:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:104:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/config.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/config.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/config.py:119:16: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/database.py:8:1: F401 'ssl' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:11:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:11:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:11:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:28:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:33:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:38:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:42:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:54:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:64:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:77:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:113:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:121:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:127:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:167:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:170:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:198:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:214:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:218:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:224:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:238:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:240:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:247:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:258:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:262:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:269:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:273:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:276:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:283:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:288:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:293:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:298:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:305:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:318:40: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:17:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:25:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:39:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:90:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:105:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:111:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:117:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:121:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:153:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:155:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:162:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:165:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:175:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:180:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:183:35: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/models.py:12:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:14:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:18:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:24:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:29:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:31:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:37:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:44:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:55:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:57:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:70:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:72:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:94:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:113:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:139:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:141:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:154:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:166:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:174:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:186:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:191:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:203:39: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Tuple' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_TIMEOUT_SECONDS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_MAX_RETRIES' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_RETRY_DELAY' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_BASE_URL' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_SEARCH_PATH' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MAX_PREFERRED_RESULTS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MAX_ACCEPTABLE_RESULTS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_EARLY_TERMINATION_SCORE' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MIN_VARIANTS_BEFORE_EARLY_TERMINATION' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:32:1: F401 '.models.CardPriceModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:32:1: F401 '.models.PriceScrapingRequest' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:32:1: F401 '.models.PriceScrapingResponse' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_rarity_for_matching' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_art_variant' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.extract_set_code' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.extract_booster_set_name' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.map_set_code_to_tcgplayer_name' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:50:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:52:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:61:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:100:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:109:101: E501 line too long (101 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:111:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:125:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:127:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:146:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:155:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:166:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:191:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:194:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:200:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:213:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:224:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:238:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:244:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:254:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:257:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:258:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:260:25: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:274:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:276:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:279:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:283:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:285:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:286:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:290:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:296:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:299:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:305:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:310:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:314:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:325:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:326:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:329:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:339:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:343:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:353:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:357:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:362:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:365:101: E501 line too long (128 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:367:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:368:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:371:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:376:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:380:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:384:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:389:83: W504 line break after binary operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:390:13: E129 visually indented line with same indent as next logical line
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:392:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:394:89: W504 line break after binary operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:395:13: E129 visually indented line with same indent as next logical line
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:399:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:401:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:414:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:435:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:443:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:449:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:454:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:460:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:468:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:479:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:483:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:486:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:490:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:492:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:496:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:501:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:504:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:512:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:517:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:520:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:528:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:531:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:535:101: E501 line too long (120 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:537:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:540:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:544:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:549:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:552:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:560:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:563:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:568:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:574:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:586:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:588:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:595:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:598:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:606:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:610:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:621:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:626:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:632:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:636:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:640:101: E501 line too long (150 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:643:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:644:49: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:646:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:651:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:671:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:675:101: E501 line too long (136 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:676:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:677:101: E501 line too long (157 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:678:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:684:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:686:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:688:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:697:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:709:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:711:101: E501 line too long (164 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:712:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:718:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:733:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:736:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:739:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:741:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:749:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:760:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:772:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:779:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:786:101: E501 line too long (132 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:807:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:813:101: E501 line too long (108 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:815:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:827:101: E501 line too long (122 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:828:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:839:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:851:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:862:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:866:14: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:867:36: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:868:34: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:869:36: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:873:101: E501 line too long (108 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:876:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:878:28: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:883:28: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:884:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:889:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:890:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:892:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:895:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:901:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:904:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:910:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:914:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:931:83: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:932:90: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:939:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:941:101: E501 line too long (101 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:949:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:953:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:957:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:960:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:965:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:967:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:976:101: E501 line too long (110 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:979:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:991:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1000:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1005:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1010:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1016:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1020:101: E501 line too long (112 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1024:101: E501 line too long (112 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1029:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1033:41: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1034:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1036:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1039:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1042:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1045:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1049:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1056:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1058:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1062:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1078:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1084:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1086:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1090:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1093:61: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1095:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1114:90: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1115:67: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1116:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1123:93: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1141:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1144:101: E501 line too long (101 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1146:96: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1147:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1179:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1179:48: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/routes.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:15:1: F401 '.card_services.card_lookup_service' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:19:1: F401 '.config.YGO_API_BASE_URL' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:23:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/routes.py:26:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:30:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:40:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:47:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:63:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:74:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:77:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:85:101: E501 line too long (179 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:90:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:95:101: E501 line too long (153 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:105:101: E501 line too long (127 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:116:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:124:101: E501 line too long (135 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:136:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:139:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:156:101: E501 line too long (147 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:177:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:207:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:214:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:220:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:225:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:228:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:245:59: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:266:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:273:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:290:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:344:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:370:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:374:13: F811 redefinition of unused 'YGO_API_BASE_URL' from line 19
ygoapi/routes.py:375:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:378:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:383:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:387:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:389:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:396:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:397:44: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:414:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:418:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:420:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:437:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:447:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:471:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:489:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:524:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:543:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:551:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:559:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:564:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:570:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:573:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:580:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:591:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:594:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:596:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:601:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:607:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:609:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:612:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:616:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:622:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:638:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:657:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:668:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:671:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:673:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:678:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:684:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:686:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:689:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:693:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:699:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:715:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:733:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:741:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:749:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:771:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:778:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:786:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:793:16: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/utils.py:16:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:23:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:33:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:33:104: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:38:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:42:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:47:101: E501 line too long (115 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:58:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:59:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:61:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:66:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:71:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:78:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:92:9: F601 dictionary key 'psr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:98:9: F601 dictionary key 'spr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:115:9: F601 dictionary key 'spr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:130:9: F601 dictionary key 'psr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:159:34: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:189:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:207:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:211:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:219:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:226:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:230:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:239:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:256:46: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:260:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:268:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:292:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:300:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:313:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:364:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:371:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:378:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:385:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:392:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:399:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:406:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:425:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:431:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:437:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:449:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:452:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:459:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:468:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:473:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:476:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:480:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:483:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:490:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:496:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:505:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:512:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:514:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:519:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:520:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:523:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:527:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:534:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:538:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:541:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:547:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:557:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:560:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:564:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:568:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:576:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:577:101: E501 line too long (112 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:580:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:586:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:594:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:599:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:602:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:606:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:610:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:616:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:620:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:624:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:627:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:631:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:634:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:640:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:644:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:647:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:651:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:654:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:660:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:668:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:671:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:675:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:684:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:691:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:697:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:705:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:707:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:712:70: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:744:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:748:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:756:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:759:101: E501 line too long (122 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:760:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:762:101: E501 line too long (124 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:771:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:778:101: E501 line too long (130 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:781:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:783:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:784:5: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/utils.py:792:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:795:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:798:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:807:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:809:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:815:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:827:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:829:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:830:5: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/utils.py:834:47: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:838:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:845:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:849:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:855:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:858:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:862:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:866:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:869:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:873:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:877:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:879:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:882:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:886:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:890:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:892:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:893:26: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:13:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:35:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:71:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:72:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:109:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:110:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:135:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:197:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:284:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:311:10: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/integration/test_integration.py:8:1: F401 'pytest' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:15:1: F401 'ygoapi.card_services.CardVariantService' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:21:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:33:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:37:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:73:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:85:9: F841 local variable 'results' is assigned to but never used
tests/integration/test_integration.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:97:71: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:98:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:103:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:147:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:188:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:189:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:211:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:217:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:228:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:230:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:231:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:239:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:249:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:252:13: F841 local variable 'result' is assigned to but never used
tests/integration/test_integration.py:256:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:275:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:287:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:303:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:312:61: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:313:28: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:319:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:332:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:341:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:352:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:359:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:364:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:373:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:381:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:390:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:415:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:421:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:424:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:427:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:433:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:438:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:442:34: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:443:34: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:450:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:458:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:460:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:461:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:462:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:471:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:475:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:484:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:486:47: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.UTC' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:12:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:16:24: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:22:1: F401 'tests.fixtures.mock_services.MockMongoDBData' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:27:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:32:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:44:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:50:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:76:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:80:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:83:101: E501 line too long (113 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:96:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:133:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:154:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:165:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:169:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:172:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:177:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:192:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:203:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:204:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:229:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:248:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:254:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:263:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:268:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:271:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:279:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:282:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:289:101: E501 line too long (150 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:304:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:311:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:322:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:327:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:346:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:351:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:353:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:358:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:362:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:365:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:369:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:374:101: E501 line too long (108 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:380:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:383:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:388:101: E501 line too long (113 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:394:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:400:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:409:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:412:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:415:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:422:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:430:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:433:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:438:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:442:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:445:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:457:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:460:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:463:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:473:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:483:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:488:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:492:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:496:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:502:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:510:61: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_database.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.call' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:11:1: F401 'pymongo.MongoClient' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:12:1: F401 'pymongo.collection.Collection' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:13:1: F401 'pymongo.database.Database' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:32:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:37:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:43:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:51:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:54:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:76:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:135:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:161:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:176:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:182:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:200:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:218:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:221:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:227:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:236:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:238:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:247:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:256:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:270:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:279:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:282:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:304:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:307:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:315:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:317:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:328:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:330:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:333:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:341:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:343:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:346:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:354:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:359:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:367:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:369:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:380:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:382:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:385:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:390:9: F841 local variable 'mock_db_manager' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_database.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:393:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:396:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:403:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:405:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:418:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:423:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:425:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:428:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:439:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:446:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:454:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:456:36: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:459:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:467:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:480:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:484:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:487:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:491:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:495:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:498:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:502:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:506:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:508:42: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_models.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_models.py:10:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_models.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_models.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:36:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:43:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:47:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:50:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:52:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:78:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:80:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:111:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:157:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:165:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:192:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:224:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:234:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:258:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:260:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:265:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:275:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:277:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:280:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:288:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:297:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:312:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:314:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:330:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:341:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:346:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:354:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:358:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:366:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:368:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:378:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:389:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:410:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:412:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:416:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:420:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:430:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:440:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:442:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:448:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:458:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:461:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:469:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:476:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:489:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:491:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:497:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:509:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:513:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:524:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:527:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:535:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:547:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:549:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:557:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:569:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:576:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:585:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:590:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:598:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:601:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:605:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:613:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:616:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:619:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:627:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:629:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:632:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:635:67: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_routes.py:8:1: F401 'pytest' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:10:1: F401 'time' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:11:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:13:1: F401 'flask.Flask' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:25:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:28:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:32:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:42:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:57:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:59:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:92:47: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:93:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:94:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:124:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:125:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:139:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:141:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:142:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:153:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:160:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:161:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:177:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:185:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:186:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:191:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:210:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:211:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:212:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:219:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:228:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:235:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:236:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:253:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:254:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:255:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:272:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:274:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:280:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:287:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:295:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:304:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:306:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:312:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:318:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:336:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:342:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:348:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:363:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:388:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:395:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:409:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:417:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:418:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_routes.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:428:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:438:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:443:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:454:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:464:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:472:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:479:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:485:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:487:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:497:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:508:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:519:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:524:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:526:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:527:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:528:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:534:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:539:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:543:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:545:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:546:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:547:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:558:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:562:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:567:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:571:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:576:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:587:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:590:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:594:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:600:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:603:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:608:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:612:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:619:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:623:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:634:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:638:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:647:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:658:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:660:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:663:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:666:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:673:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:685:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:690:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:696:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:697:17: F841 local variable 'response' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_routes.py:698:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:699:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:700:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:704:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:714:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:719:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:724:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:727:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:728:17: F841 local variable 'response' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_routes.py:729:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:730:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:731:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:739:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:743:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:749:53: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/__init__.py:10:28: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/app.py:9:1: F401 'os' imported but unused
ygoapi/app.py:13:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/app.py:18:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/app.py:21:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:28:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:32:9: E116 unexpected indentation (comment)
ygoapi/app.py:36:38: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:48:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:55:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:67:101: E501 line too long (123 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/app.py:73:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:77:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:85:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/app.py:94:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:112:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:132:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/app.py:133:14: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.timezone' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:15:1: F401 '.config.CARD_PROCESSING_DELAY' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:26:1: F401 '.models.CardModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:26:1: F401 '.models.CardVariantModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:27:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_rarity' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:39:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:50:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:61:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:73:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:78:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:88:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:94:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:112:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:124:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:135:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:155:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:170:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:180:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:185:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:188:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:194:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:210:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:212:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:216:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:221:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:224:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:231:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:236:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:240:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:242:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:245:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:248:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:255:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:259:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:261:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/card_services.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:272:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:277:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:288:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:297:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:305:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:323:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:327:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:329:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:342:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:345:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:347:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:353:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:357:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:365:17: F841 local variable 'set_code' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/card_services.py:366:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:369:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:376:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:383:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:388:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:395:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:417:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:433:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:439:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:441:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:447:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:451:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:462:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:470:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:477:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:482:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:484:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:487:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:492:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:495:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:501:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:505:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:508:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:512:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:514:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:518:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:523:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:526:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:534:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:537:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:541:101: E501 line too long (120 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/card_services.py:543:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:546:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:552:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:554:42: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/config.py:33:101: E501 line too long (121 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/config.py:43:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
ygoapi/config.py:44:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
ygoapi/config.py:79:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:83:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:87:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:91:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:95:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:99:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:104:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/config.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/config.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/config.py:119:16: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/database.py:8:1: F401 'ssl' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:11:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:11:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:11:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:28:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:33:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:38:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:42:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:54:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:64:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:77:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:113:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:121:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:127:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:167:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:170:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:198:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:214:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:218:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:224:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:238:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:240:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:247:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:258:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:262:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:269:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:273:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:276:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:283:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:288:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:293:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:298:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:305:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:318:40: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:17:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:25:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:39:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:90:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:105:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:111:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:117:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:121:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:153:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:155:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:162:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:165:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:175:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:180:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:183:35: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/models.py:12:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:14:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:18:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:24:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:29:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:31:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:37:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:44:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:55:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:57:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:70:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:72:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:94:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:113:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:139:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:141:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:154:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:166:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:174:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:186:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:191:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:203:39: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Tuple' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_TIMEOUT_SECONDS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_MAX_RETRIES' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_RETRY_DELAY' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_BASE_URL' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_SEARCH_PATH' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MAX_PREFERRED_RESULTS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MAX_ACCEPTABLE_RESULTS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_EARLY_TERMINATION_SCORE' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MIN_VARIANTS_BEFORE_EARLY_TERMINATION' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:32:1: F401 '.models.CardPriceModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:32:1: F401 '.models.PriceScrapingRequest' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:32:1: F401 '.models.PriceScrapingResponse' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_rarity_for_matching' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_art_variant' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.extract_set_code' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.extract_booster_set_name' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.map_set_code_to_tcgplayer_name' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:50:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:52:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:61:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:100:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:109:101: E501 line too long (101 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:111:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:125:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:127:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:146:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:155:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:166:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:191:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:194:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:200:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:213:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:224:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:238:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:244:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:254:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:257:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:258:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:260:25: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:274:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:276:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:279:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:283:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:285:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:286:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:290:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:296:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:299:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:305:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:310:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:314:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:325:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:326:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:329:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:339:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:343:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:353:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:357:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:362:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:365:101: E501 line too long (128 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:367:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:368:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:371:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:376:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:380:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:384:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:389:83: W504 line break after binary operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:390:13: E129 visually indented line with same indent as next logical line
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:392:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:394:89: W504 line break after binary operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:395:13: E129 visually indented line with same indent as next logical line
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:399:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:401:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:414:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:435:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:443:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:449:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:454:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:460:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:468:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:479:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:483:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:486:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:490:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:492:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:496:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:501:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:504:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:512:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:517:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:520:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:528:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:531:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:535:101: E501 line too long (120 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:537:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:540:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:544:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:549:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:552:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:560:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:563:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:568:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:574:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:586:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:588:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:595:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:598:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:606:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:610:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:621:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:626:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:632:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:636:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:640:101: E501 line too long (150 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:643:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:644:49: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:646:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:651:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:671:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:675:101: E501 line too long (136 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:676:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:677:101: E501 line too long (157 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:678:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:684:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:686:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:688:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:697:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:709:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:711:101: E501 line too long (164 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:712:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:718:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:733:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:736:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:739:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:741:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:749:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:760:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:772:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:779:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:786:101: E501 line too long (132 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:807:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:813:101: E501 line too long (108 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:815:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:827:101: E501 line too long (122 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:828:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:839:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:851:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:862:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:866:14: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:867:36: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:868:34: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:869:36: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:873:101: E501 line too long (108 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:876:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:878:28: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:883:28: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:884:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:889:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:890:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:892:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:895:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:901:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:904:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:910:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:914:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:931:83: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:932:90: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:939:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:941:101: E501 line too long (101 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:949:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:953:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:957:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:960:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:965:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:967:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:976:101: E501 line too long (110 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:979:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:991:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1000:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1005:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1010:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1016:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1020:101: E501 line too long (112 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1024:101: E501 line too long (112 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1029:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1033:41: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1034:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1036:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1039:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1042:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1045:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1049:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1056:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1058:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1062:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1078:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1084:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1086:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1090:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1093:61: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1095:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1114:90: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1115:67: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1116:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1123:93: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1141:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1144:101: E501 line too long (101 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1146:96: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1147:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1179:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1179:48: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/routes.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:15:1: F401 '.card_services.card_lookup_service' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:19:1: F401 '.config.YGO_API_BASE_URL' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:23:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/routes.py:26:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:30:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:40:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:47:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:63:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:74:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:77:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:85:101: E501 line too long (179 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:90:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:95:101: E501 line too long (153 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:105:101: E501 line too long (127 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:116:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:124:101: E501 line too long (135 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:136:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:139:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:156:101: E501 line too long (147 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:177:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:207:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:214:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:220:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:225:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:228:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:245:59: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:266:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:273:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:290:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:344:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:370:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:374:13: F811 redefinition of unused 'YGO_API_BASE_URL' from line 19
ygoapi/routes.py:375:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:378:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:383:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:387:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:389:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:396:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:397:44: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:414:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:418:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:420:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:437:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:447:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:471:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:489:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:524:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:543:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:551:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:559:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:564:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:570:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:573:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:580:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:591:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:594:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:596:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:601:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:607:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:609:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:612:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:616:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:622:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:638:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:657:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:668:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:671:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:673:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:678:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:684:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:686:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:689:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:693:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:699:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:715:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:733:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:741:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:749:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:771:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:778:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:786:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:793:16: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/utils.py:16:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:23:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:33:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:33:104: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:38:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:42:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:47:101: E501 line too long (115 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:58:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:59:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:61:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:66:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:71:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:78:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:92:9: F601 dictionary key 'psr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:98:9: F601 dictionary key 'spr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:115:9: F601 dictionary key 'spr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:130:9: F601 dictionary key 'psr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:159:34: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:189:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:207:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:211:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:219:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:226:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:230:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:239:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:256:46: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:260:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:268:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:292:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:300:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:313:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:364:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:371:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:378:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:385:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:392:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:399:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:406:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:425:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:431:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:437:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:449:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:452:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:459:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:468:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:473:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:476:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:480:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:483:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:490:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:496:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:505:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:512:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:514:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:519:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:520:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:523:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:527:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:534:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:538:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:541:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:547:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:557:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:560:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:564:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:568:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:576:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:577:101: E501 line too long (112 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:580:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:586:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:594:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:599:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:602:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:606:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:610:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:616:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:620:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:624:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:627:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:631:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:634:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:640:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:644:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:647:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:651:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:654:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:660:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:668:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:671:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:675:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:684:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:691:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:697:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:705:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:707:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:712:70: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:744:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:748:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:756:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:759:101: E501 line too long (122 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:760:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:762:101: E501 line too long (124 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:771:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:778:101: E501 line too long (130 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:781:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:783:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:784:5: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/utils.py:792:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:795:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:798:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:807:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:809:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:815:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:827:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:829:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:830:5: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/utils.py:834:47: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:838:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:845:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:849:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:855:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:858:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:862:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:866:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:869:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:873:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:877:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:879:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:882:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:886:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:890:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:892:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:893:26: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:13:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:35:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:71:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:72:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:109:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:110:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:135:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:197:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:284:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:311:10: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/integration/test_integration.py:8:1: F401 'pytest' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:15:1: F401 'ygoapi.card_services.CardVariantService' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:21:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:33:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:37:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:73:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:85:9: F841 local variable 'results' is assigned to but never used
tests/integration/test_integration.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:97:71: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:98:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:103:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:147:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:188:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:189:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:211:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:217:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:228:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:230:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:231:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:239:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:249:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:252:13: F841 local variable 'result' is assigned to but never used
tests/integration/test_integration.py:256:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:275:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:287:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:303:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:312:61: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:313:28: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:319:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:332:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:341:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:352:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:359:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:364:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:373:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:381:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:390:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:415:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:421:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:424:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:427:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:433:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:438:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:442:34: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:443:34: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:450:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:458:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:460:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:461:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/integration/test_integration.py:462:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:471:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:475:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:484:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/integration/test_integration.py:486:47: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.UTC' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:12:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:16:24: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:22:1: F401 'tests.fixtures.mock_services.MockMongoDBData' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:27:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:32:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:44:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:50:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:76:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:80:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:83:101: E501 line too long (113 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:96:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:133:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:154:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:165:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:169:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:172:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:177:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:192:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:203:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:204:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:229:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:248:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:254:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:263:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:268:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:271:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:279:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:282:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:289:101: E501 line too long (150 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:304:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:311:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:322:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:327:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:346:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:351:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:353:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:358:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:362:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:365:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:369:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:374:101: E501 line too long (108 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:380:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:383:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:388:101: E501 line too long (113 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:394:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:400:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:409:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:412:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:415:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:422:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:430:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:433:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:438:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:442:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:445:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:457:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:460:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:463:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:473:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:483:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:488:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:492:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:496:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:502:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:510:61: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_database.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.call' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:11:1: F401 'pymongo.MongoClient' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:12:1: F401 'pymongo.collection.Collection' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:13:1: F401 'pymongo.database.Database' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:32:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:37:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:43:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:51:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:54:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:76:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:135:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:161:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:176:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:182:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:200:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:218:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:221:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:227:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:236:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:238:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:247:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:256:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:270:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:279:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:282:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:304:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:307:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:315:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:317:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:328:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:330:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:333:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:341:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:343:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:346:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:354:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:359:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:367:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:369:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:380:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:382:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:385:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:390:9: F841 local variable 'mock_db_manager' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_database.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:393:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:396:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:403:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:405:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:418:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:423:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:425:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:428:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:439:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:446:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:454:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:456:36: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:459:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:467:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:480:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:484:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:487:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:491:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:495:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:498:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:502:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:506:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_database.py:508:42: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_models.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_models.py:10:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_models.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_models.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:36:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:43:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:47:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:50:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:52:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:78:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:80:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:111:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:157:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:165:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:192:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:224:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:234:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:258:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:260:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:265:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:275:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:277:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:280:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:288:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:297:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:312:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:314:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:330:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:341:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:346:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:354:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:358:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:366:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:368:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:378:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:389:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:410:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:412:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:416:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:420:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:430:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:440:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:442:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:448:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:458:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:461:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:469:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:476:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:489:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:491:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:497:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:509:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:513:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:524:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:527:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:535:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:547:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:549:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:557:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:569:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:576:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:585:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:590:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:598:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:601:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:605:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:613:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:616:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:619:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:627:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:629:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:632:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_models.py:635:67: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/unit/test_routes.py:8:1: F401 'pytest' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:10:1: F401 'time' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:11:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:13:1: F401 'flask.Flask' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:25:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:28:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:32:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:42:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:57:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:59:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:92:47: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:93:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:94:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:124:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:125:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:139:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:141:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:142:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:153:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:160:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:161:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:177:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:185:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:186:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:191:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:210:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:211:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:212:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:219:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:228:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:235:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:236:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:253:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:254:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:255:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:272:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:274:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:280:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:287:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:295:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:304:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:306:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:312:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:318:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:336:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:342:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:348:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:363:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:388:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:395:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:409:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:417:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:418:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
tests/unit/test_routes.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:428:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:438:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:443:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:454:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:464:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:472:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:479:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:485:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:487:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:497:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:508:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:519:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:524:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:526:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:527:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:528:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:534:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:539:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:543:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:545:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:546:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:547:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:558:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:562:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:567:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:571:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:576:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:587:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:590:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:594:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:600:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:603:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:608:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:612:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:619:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:623:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:634:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:638:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:647:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:658:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:660:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:663:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:666:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:673:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:685:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:690:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:696:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:697:17: F841 local variable 'response' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_routes.py:698:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:699:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:700:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:704:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:714:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:719:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:724:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:727:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:728:17: F841 local variable 'response' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_routes.py:729:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:730:38: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
tests/unit/test_routes.py:731:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:739:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:743:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/test_routes.py:749:53: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/__init__.py:10:28: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/app.py:9:1: F401 'os' imported but unused
ygoapi/app.py:13:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/app.py:18:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/app.py:21:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:28:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:32:9: E116 unexpected indentation (comment)
ygoapi/app.py:36:38: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:48:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:55:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:67:101: E501 line too long (123 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/app.py:73:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:77:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:85:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/app.py:94:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:112:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/app.py:132:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/app.py:133:14: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:11:1: F401 'datetime.timezone' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:15:1: F401 '.config.CARD_PROCESSING_DELAY' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:26:1: F401 '.models.CardModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:26:1: F401 '.models.CardVariantModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:27:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_rarity' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:39:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:50:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:61:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:73:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:78:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:88:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:94:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:112:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:124:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:135:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:155:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:170:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:180:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:185:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:188:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:194:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:210:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:212:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:216:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:221:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:224:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:231:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:236:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:240:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:242:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:245:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:248:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:255:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:259:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:261:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/card_services.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:272:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:277:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:288:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:297:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:305:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:323:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:327:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:329:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:342:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:345:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:347:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:353:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:357:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:365:17: F841 local variable 'set_code' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/card_services.py:366:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:369:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:376:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:383:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:388:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:395:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:417:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:433:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:439:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:441:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:447:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:451:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:462:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:470:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:477:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:482:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:484:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:487:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:492:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:495:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:501:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:505:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:508:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:512:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:514:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:518:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:523:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:526:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:534:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:537:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:541:101: E501 line too long (120 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/card_services.py:543:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:546:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/card_services.py:552:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/card_services.py:554:42: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/config.py:33:101: E501 line too long (121 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/config.py:43:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
ygoapi/config.py:44:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
ygoapi/config.py:79:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:83:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:87:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:91:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:95:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:99:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:104:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/config.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/config.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/config.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/config.py:119:16: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/database.py:8:1: F401 'ssl' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:11:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:11:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:11:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:28:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:33:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:38:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:42:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:54:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:64:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:77:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:113:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:121:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:127:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:167:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:170:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:198:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:214:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:218:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:224:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:238:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:240:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:247:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:258:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:262:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:269:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:273:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:276:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:283:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:288:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:293:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:298:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:305:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/database.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/database.py:318:40: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:17:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:25:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:39:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:90:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:105:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:111:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:117:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:121:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:153:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:155:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:162:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:165:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:175:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:180:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/memory_manager.py:183:35: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/models.py:12:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:14:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:18:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:24:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:29:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:31:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:37:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:44:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:55:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:57:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:70:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:72:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:94:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:113:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:139:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:141:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:154:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:166:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:174:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:186:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:191:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/models.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/models.py:203:39: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Tuple' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_TIMEOUT_SECONDS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_MAX_RETRIES' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_RETRY_DELAY' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_BASE_URL' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_SEARCH_PATH' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MAX_PREFERRED_RESULTS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MAX_ACCEPTABLE_RESULTS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_EARLY_TERMINATION_SCORE' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:17:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MIN_VARIANTS_BEFORE_EARLY_TERMINATION' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:32:1: F401 '.models.CardPriceModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:32:1: F401 '.models.PriceScrapingRequest' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:32:1: F401 '.models.PriceScrapingResponse' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_rarity_for_matching' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_art_variant' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.extract_set_code' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.extract_booster_set_name' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:33:1: F401 '.utils.map_set_code_to_tcgplayer_name' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:50:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:52:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:61:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:100:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:109:101: E501 line too long (101 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:111:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:125:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:127:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:146:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:155:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:166:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:191:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:194:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:200:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:213:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:224:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:238:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:244:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:254:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:257:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:258:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:260:25: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:274:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:276:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:279:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:283:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:285:101: E501 line too long (123 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:286:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:290:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:296:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:299:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:305:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:310:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:314:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:325:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:326:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:329:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:339:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:343:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:353:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:357:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:362:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:365:101: E501 line too long (128 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:367:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:368:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:371:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:376:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:380:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:384:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:389:83: W504 line break after binary operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:390:13: E129 visually indented line with same indent as next logical line
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:392:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:394:89: W504 line break after binary operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:395:13: E129 visually indented line with same indent as next logical line
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:399:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:401:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:414:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:435:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:443:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:449:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:454:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:460:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:468:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:479:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:483:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:486:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:490:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:492:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:496:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:501:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:504:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:512:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:517:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:520:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:528:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:531:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:535:101: E501 line too long (120 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:537:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:540:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:544:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:549:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:552:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:560:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:563:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:568:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:574:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:586:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:588:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:595:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:598:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:606:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:610:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:621:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:626:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:632:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:636:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:640:101: E501 line too long (150 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:643:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:644:49: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:646:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:651:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:671:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:675:101: E501 line too long (136 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:676:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:677:101: E501 line too long (157 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:678:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:684:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:686:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:688:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:697:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:709:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:711:101: E501 line too long (164 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:712:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:718:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:733:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:736:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:739:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:741:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:749:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:760:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:772:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:779:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:786:101: E501 line too long (132 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:807:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:813:101: E501 line too long (108 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:815:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:827:101: E501 line too long (122 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:828:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:839:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:851:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:862:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:866:14: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:867:36: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:868:34: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:869:36: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:873:101: E501 line too long (108 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:876:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:878:28: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:883:28: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:884:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:889:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:890:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:892:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:895:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:901:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:904:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:910:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:914:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:931:83: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:932:90: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:939:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:941:101: E501 line too long (101 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:949:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:953:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:957:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:960:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:965:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:967:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:976:101: E501 line too long (110 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:979:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:991:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1000:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1005:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1010:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1016:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1020:101: E501 line too long (112 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1024:101: E501 line too long (112 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1029:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1033:41: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1034:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1036:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1039:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1042:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1045:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1049:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1056:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1058:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1062:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1078:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1084:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1086:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1090:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1093:61: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1095:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1114:90: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1115:67: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1116:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1123:93: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1141:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1144:101: E501 line too long (101 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1146:96: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1147:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1179:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1179:48: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/routes.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:15:1: F401 '.card_services.card_lookup_service' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:19:1: F401 '.config.YGO_API_BASE_URL' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:23:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/routes.py:26:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:30:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:40:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:47:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:63:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:74:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:77:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:85:101: E501 line too long (179 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:90:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:95:101: E501 line too long (153 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:105:101: E501 line too long (127 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:116:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:124:101: E501 line too long (135 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:136:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:139:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:156:101: E501 line too long (147 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:177:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:207:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:214:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:220:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:225:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:228:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:245:59: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:266:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:273:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:290:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:344:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:370:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:374:13: F811 redefinition of unused 'YGO_API_BASE_URL' from line 19
ygoapi/routes.py:375:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:378:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:383:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:387:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:389:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:396:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:397:44: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:414:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:418:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:420:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:437:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:447:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:471:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:489:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:524:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:543:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:551:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:559:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:564:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:570:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:573:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:580:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:591:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:594:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:596:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:601:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:607:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:609:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:612:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:616:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:622:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:638:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:657:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:668:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:671:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:673:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:678:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:684:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:686:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:689:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:693:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:699:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:715:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:733:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:741:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:749:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:771:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:778:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:786:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:793:16: W292 no newline at end of file
ygoapi/utils.py:16:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:23:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:33:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:33:104: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:38:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:42:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:47:101: E501 line too long (115 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:58:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:59:101: E501 line too long (102 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:61:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:66:101: E501 line too long (114 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:71:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:78:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:92:9: F601 dictionary key 'psr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:98:9: F601 dictionary key 'spr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:115:9: F601 dictionary key 'spr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:130:9: F601 dictionary key 'psr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:159:34: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:189:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:207:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:211:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:219:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:226:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:230:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:239:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:256:46: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:260:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:268:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:292:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:300:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:313:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:364:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:371:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:378:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:385:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:392:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:399:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:406:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:425:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:431:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:437:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:449:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:452:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:459:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:468:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:473:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:476:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:480:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:483:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:490:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:496:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:505:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:512:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:514:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:519:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:520:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:523:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:527:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:534:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:538:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:541:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:547:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:557:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:560:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:564:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:568:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:576:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:577:101: E501 line too long (112 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:580:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:586:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:594:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:599:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:602:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:606:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:610:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:616:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:620:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:624:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:627:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:631:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:634:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:640:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:644:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:647:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:651:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:654:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:660:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:668:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:671:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:675:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ygoapi/utils.py:684:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:691:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:697:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:705:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:707:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:712:70: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:744:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:748:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:756:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:759:101: E501 line too long (122 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:760:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:762:101: E501 line too long (124 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:771:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:778:101: E501 line too long (130 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:781:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:783:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:784:5: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/utils.py:792:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:795:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:798:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:807:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:809:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:815:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:827:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:829:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:830:5: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/utils.py:834:47: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:838:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:845:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:849:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:855:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:858:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:862:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:866:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:869:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:873:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:877:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:879:101: E501 line too long (109 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:882:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:886:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:890:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:892:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/utils.py:893:26: W292 no newline at end of file
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:71:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:72:101: E501 line too long (115 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:109:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:110:101: E501 line too long (115 > 100 characters)
tests/integration/test_integration.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:12:1: F401 'pytest' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:15:1: F401 'ygoapi.card_services.CardVariantService' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:86:9: F841 local variable 'results' is assigned to but never used
tests/integration/test_integration.py:256:13: F841 local variable 'result' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:8:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:8:1: F401 'datetime.timezone' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:9:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:9:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:9:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:15:1: F401 'tests.fixtures.mock_services.MockMongoDBData' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:9:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:9:1: F401 'unittest.mock.call' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:12:1: F401 'pymongo.MongoClient' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:13:1: F401 'pymongo.collection.Collection' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:14:1: F401 'pymongo.database.Database' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:392:9: F841 local variable 'mock_db_manager' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_models.py:9:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_models.py:9:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_models.py:9:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:9:1: F401 'time' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:11:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:13:1: F401 'pytest' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:14:1: F401 'flask.Flask' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:702:17: F841 local variable 'response' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_routes.py:732:17: F841 local variable 'response' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/app.py:9:1: F401 'os' imported but unused
ygoapi/app.py:73:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/card_services.py:10:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:10:1: F401 'datetime.timezone' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:16:1: F401 '.config.CARD_PROCESSING_DELAY' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:21:1: F401 '.models.CardModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:21:1: F401 '.models.CardVariantModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:22:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_rarity' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:361:17: F841 local variable 'set_code' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/card_services.py:552:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:10:1: F401 'ssl' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:12:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Tuple' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:18:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_MAX_RETRIES' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:18:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_RETRY_DELAY' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:18:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_TIMEOUT_SECONDS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:18:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_BASE_URL' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:18:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_EARLY_TERMINATION_SCORE' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:18:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MAX_ACCEPTABLE_RESULTS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:18:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MAX_PREFERRED_RESULTS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:18:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MIN_VARIANTS_BEFORE_EARLY_TERMINATION' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:18:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_SEARCH_PATH' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:29:1: F401 '.models.CardPriceModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:29:1: F401 '.models.PriceScrapingRequest' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:29:1: F401 '.models.PriceScrapingResponse' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:30:1: F401 '.utils.extract_booster_set_name' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:30:1: F401 '.utils.extract_set_code' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:30:1: F401 '.utils.map_set_code_to_tcgplayer_name' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:30:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_art_variant' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:30:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_rarity_for_matching' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:378:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:424:101: E501 line too long (119 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:610:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:718:101: E501 line too long (150 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:759:101: E501 line too long (127 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:762:101: E501 line too long (157 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:801:101: E501 line too long (129 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:880:101: E501 line too long (123 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:935:101: E501 line too long (110 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:982:101: E501 line too long (108 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:999:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1000:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1002:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1005:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1011:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1014:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1020:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1024:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1041:83: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1042:90: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1049:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1051:101: E501 line too long (101 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1059:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1140:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1158:41: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1177:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1216:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1218:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1222:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1225:61: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1227:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1239:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1242:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1246:90: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1247:67: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1248:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1255:93: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1258:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1270:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1273:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1276:101: E501 line too long (101 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1278:96: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1279:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1281:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1290:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:16:1: F401 '.card_services.card_lookup_service' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:18:1: F401 '.config.YGO_API_BASE_URL' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:111:101: E501 line too long (170 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:126:101: E501 line too long (162 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:140:101: E501 line too long (115 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:417:13: F811 redefinition of unused 'YGO_API_BASE_URL' from line 18
ygoapi/utils.py:50:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:71:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:99:9: F601 dictionary key 'psr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:105:9: F601 dictionary key 'spr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:122:9: F601 dictionary key 'spr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:137:9: F601 dictionary key 'psr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:709:101: E501 line too long (122 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:746:5: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/utils.py:792:5: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:71:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:72:101: E501 line too long (115 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:109:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
tests/fixtures/mock_services.py:110:101: E501 line too long (115 > 100 characters)
tests/integration/test_integration.py:10:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:12:1: F401 'pytest' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:15:1: F401 'ygoapi.card_services.CardVariantService' imported but unused
tests/integration/test_integration.py:84:9: F841 local variable 'results' is assigned to but never used
tests/integration/test_integration.py:248:13: F841 local variable 'result' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:8:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:8:1: F401 'datetime.timezone' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:9:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:9:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:9:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_card_services.py:15:1: F401 'tests.fixtures.mock_services.MockMongoDBData' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:9:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:9:1: F401 'unittest.mock.call' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:12:1: F401 'pymongo.MongoClient' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:13:1: F401 'pymongo.collection.Collection' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:14:1: F401 'pymongo.database.Database' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_database.py:394:9: F841 local variable 'mock_db_manager' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_models.py:9:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_models.py:9:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_models.py:9:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:9:1: F401 'time' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:11:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:13:1: F401 'pytest' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:14:1: F401 'flask.Flask' imported but unused
tests/unit/test_routes.py:698:17: F841 local variable 'response' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_routes.py:728:17: F841 local variable 'response' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/app.py:9:1: F401 'os' imported but unused
ygoapi/app.py:78:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/card_services.py:10:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:10:1: F401 'datetime.timezone' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:16:1: F401 '.config.CARD_PROCESSING_DELAY' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:24:1: F401 '.models.CardModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:24:1: F401 '.models.CardVariantModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:25:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_rarity' imported but unused
ygoapi/card_services.py:359:17: F841 local variable 'set_code' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/card_services.py:536:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/database.py:10:1: F401 'ssl' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
ygoapi/database.py:12:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:12:1: F401 'typing.Tuple' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:18:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_MAX_RETRIES' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:18:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_RETRY_DELAY' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:18:1: F401 '.config.PRICE_SCRAPING_TIMEOUT_SECONDS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:18:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_BASE_URL' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:18:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_EARLY_TERMINATION_SCORE' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:18:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MAX_ACCEPTABLE_RESULTS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:18:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MAX_PREFERRED_RESULTS' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:18:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_MIN_VARIANTS_BEFORE_EARLY_TERMINATION' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:18:1: F401 '.config.TCGPLAYER_SEARCH_PATH' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:34:1: F401 '.models.CardPriceModel' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:34:1: F401 '.models.PriceScrapingRequest' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:34:1: F401 '.models.PriceScrapingResponse' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:35:1: F401 '.utils.extract_booster_set_name' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:35:1: F401 '.utils.extract_set_code' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:35:1: F401 '.utils.map_set_code_to_tcgplayer_name' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:35:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_art_variant' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:35:1: F401 '.utils.normalize_rarity_for_matching' imported but unused
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:376:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:416:101: E501 line too long (119 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:592:101: E501 line too long (111 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:698:101: E501 line too long (150 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:739:101: E501 line too long (127 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:742:101: E501 line too long (157 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:779:101: E501 line too long (129 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:856:101: E501 line too long (123 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:901:101: E501 line too long (110 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:948:101: E501 line too long (108 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:965:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:966:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:968:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:971:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:977:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:980:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:986:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:990:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1007:83: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1008:90: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1015:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1017:101: E501 line too long (101 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1025:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1101:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1119:41: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1136:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1175:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1182:61: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1196:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1203:90: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1204:67: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1205:101: E501 line too long (106 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1207:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1212:93: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1227:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1230:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1233:101: E501 line too long (101 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1235:96: W291 trailing whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1236:101: E501 line too long (103 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1238:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1247:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/price_scraping.py:1256:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
ygoapi/routes.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:16:1: F401 '.card_services.card_lookup_service' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:17:1: F401 '.config.YGO_API_BASE_URL' imported but unused
ygoapi/routes.py:100:101: E501 line too long (170 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:115:101: E501 line too long (162 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:129:101: E501 line too long (115 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/routes.py:386:13: F811 redefinition of unused 'YGO_API_BASE_URL' from line 17
ygoapi/utils.py:50:101: E501 line too long (105 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:71:101: E501 line too long (104 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:99:9: F601 dictionary key 'psr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:105:9: F601 dictionary key 'spr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:122:9: F601 dictionary key 'spr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:137:9: F601 dictionary key 'psr' repeated with different values
ygoapi/utils.py:701:101: E501 line too long (122 > 100 characters)
ygoapi/utils.py:735:5: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
ygoapi/utils.py:781:5: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
